OSDOCS-1640: A bare metal install can use IPv6 for networks (#31730)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/converting-to-dual-stack.adoc

[id="converting-to-dual-stack"]
= Converting to IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack networking
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: converting-to-dual-stack

toc::[]

> As a cluster administrator, you can convert your IPv4 address family cluster to a dual-network stack cluster supporting IPv4 and IPv6 address families.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can convert your IPv4 single-stack cluster to a dual-stack cluster, supporting IPv4 and IPv6 address families.
```

[id="converting-to-dual-stack"]
= Converting to IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack networking
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: converting-to-dual-stack

toc::[]

> As a cluster administrator, you can convert your IPv4 single-stack cluster to a dual-network stack cluster that supports IPv4 and IPv6 address families.

Reviewer 2: "dual-network stack cluster" seems off.  Is it "...to a dual-stack cluster network that supports..."?

After converting to dual-stack, all newly created pods are dual-stack enabled.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: A sugg that you can ignore...maybe move the note from the procedure to here and make both into bullets.  This is my "put all the bad news in one spot" philosophy and also restrain the highlighting.

Author: @mikemckiernan, I like the idea, but our my understanding of FCC is that assemblies are disposable in the context of content reuse, so then that information might not be visible in some other combination of files that includes this one. Granted, I don't know of any actual content reuse taking place across CCS at this time.
